Hi! I'm Alessandra Carrascoza
and we are here to find out about the basics of
FEMSA’s JEDI Normative together.
Let us get to it right away!
FEMSA’s regulations are a set of principles and guidelines
directing our actions and decisions in
every department of the company,
today we will review those that are
directly linked to the JEDI Rule,
which focuses on setting clarity and direction
to our actions in the company
within a framework of Justice, Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion,
translating these in guidelines and behavior.
These guidelines focus on recognizing
and treasuring diversity
in every level of FEMSA,
fostering an environment
where every voice is listened to and respected.
This translates into specific actions, such as the inclusion
of diverse points of views in the decision-making processes,
and the creation of safe spaces for open
and constructive conversations.
In this context,
governance is essential
and it helps us guarantee the
JEDI Rule is implemented effectively
and integrated in every department of the company.
This implies, for example
setting monitoring policies, procedures, and mechanisms
that promote the transversality of JEDI in all our operations.
We invite you to learn more about it
and to find out how the JEDI path can change our day to day.
Follow your path to access more information and join JEDI.